I don't know if I can ever trust your again Sebastian after you slept with my twin sister I
I thought she was you Diana...
Am I really supposed to believe that Sebastian?
Believe this Diane:
Whenever I see you my heart fills up like a balloon
Oh... kiss me fool
Oh Sebastian! Oh Diana!
Hey mom, what's for dinner?
Oh no! Dinner!
Yes
If you will turn your attention to your left you will see what the humans used to call toaster
This device was utilized to warm their food consumptions
And if you will follow me you will find our most popular exhibit
Our historians have successfully replicated the living conditions of the humans
before their classification as
Endangered species, this is home to the only human raised in captivity. We call him Jim
Good morning, Jim
We encourage you all to return tonight for a new addition to our exhibit a female
Whenever I see you my heart fills up like a balloon
Nice to meet you.. Oh, I'm sorry
Did you want a tour? This is the kitchen latest state-of-the-art appliances?
That's the master bathroom, there's a and heated toilet seat it in there and those are pictures of me.
This is the living room and this is the finest collection of cereal toy prizes that you'll ever see.
You can touch one if you want - No! Don't go in there.
I wanted that to be a surprise.
Hi, I'm Jim you're Jim
You're Jim?
Oh shit!
Okay, okay, okay, okay?
There's got to be a way out of here do you know where it is?
A way out? Why would I ever want to way out of this place? this place is great! I get complimentary meals
Unlimited thirst-quenching energy drinks. That's not it look at this
that and
The TV over five channels on it
Munchie ma'am frozen dinners
What's wrong? Did I overcook your hardy chicken parmigiana
Mmm. It's good.
Have you ever been outside?
Smell that
Hmm what does it smell like to you?
Over 13 artificial flavors blend into perfection?
This isn't what real food smells like!
All right none of this is real
None of it is real
OK
Not the food not the flowers and and ...
the staircase it doesn't even go anywhere
Did you ever think I was weird, so there's just a wall the top of the stairs and the stupid door
only opens four inches
Doesn't it bother you
I'm tired. I'm going to bed.
Okay.
You join me you can join me if you want to you can join me in the bed
That's the point
We're supposed...
...propagate...
I will never ever
Propagate with you go, please
Are you gonna come?
You haven't even given this place a chance
What did you do with my cereal prizes?
That's the outside world Jim, that's my home
This is your home now with me
This will never be my home
I..
I think I thought of a way out
Every few days an attendant comes in
Through there. He has a cart.
And I think you can hide in there
What about you aren't you coming too?
The cart isn't big enough for the both of us.
Jim
You don't belong in here
Don't worry about me.
I'm happy here
You are certain you do not know where the female is
At least you are still here, Jim
...their classification as endangered species in year 2052
this habitat is home to the only human raised in captivity
We call him Jim
Good morning, Jim
Watch dust
like this video
Subscribe for new visions of the future every week it is a business of the future to be dangerous
Your future is dust